{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-BoldItalic;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue109;\red109\green111\blue5;\red82\green0\blue103;
\red15\green112\blue3;\red109\green109\blue109;\red0\green0\blue254;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c42745;\csgenericrgb\c42745\c43529\c1961;\csgenericrgb\c32157\c0\c40392;
\csgenericrgb\c5882\c43922\c1176;\csgenericrgb\c42745\c42745\c42745;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c99608;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\f1\b \cf2 package 
\f2\b0 \cf0 me.hauvo.thumbnail;\
\

\f1\b \cf2 import 
\f2\b0 \cf0 com.facebook.react.bridge.ReactApplicationContext;\

\f1\b \cf2 import 
\f2\b0 \cf0 com.facebook.react.bridge.ReactContextBaseJavaModule;\

\f1\b \cf2 import 
\f2\b0 \cf0 com.facebook.react.bridge.\cf3 ReactMethod\cf0 ;\

\f1\b \cf2 import 
\f2\b0 \cf0 com.facebook.react.bridge.Promise;\

\f1\b \cf2 import 
\f2\b0 \cf0 com.facebook.react.bridge.Arguments;\

\f1\b \cf2 import 
\f2\b0 \cf0 com.facebook.react.bridge.WritableMap;\
\

\f1\b \cf2 import 
\f2\b0 \cf0 android.media.ThumbnailUtils;\

\f1\b \cf2 import 
\f2\b0 \cf0 android.net.Uri;\

\f1\b \cf2 import 
\f2\b0 \cf0 android.os.Build;\

\f1\b \cf2 import 
\f2\b0 \cf0 android.graphics.Bitmap;\

\f1\b \cf2 import 
\f2\b0 \cf0 android.os.Environment;\

\f1\b \cf2 import 
\f2\b0 \cf0 android.provider.MediaStore;\

\f1\b \cf2 import 
\f2\b0 \cf0 android.util.Log;\

\f1\b \cf2 import 
\f2\b0 \cf0 android.media.MediaMetadataRetriever;\
\

\f1\b \cf2 import 
\f2\b0 \cf0 java.io.File;\

\f1\b \cf2 import 
\f2\b0 \cf0 java.io.FileOutputStream;\

\f1\b \cf2 import 
\f2\b0 \cf0 java.io.OutputStream;\

\f1\b \cf2 import 
\f2\b0 \cf0 java.util.HashMap;\

\f1\b \cf2 import 
\f2\b0 \cf0 java.util.Map;\

\f1\b \cf2 import 
\f2\b0 \cf0 java.util.UUID;\
\
\

\f1\b \cf2 public class 
\f2\b0 \cf0 RNThumbnailModule 
\f1\b \cf2 extends 
\f2\b0 \cf0 ReactContextBaseJavaModule \{\
\
  
\f1\b \cf2 private final 
\f2\b0 \cf0 ReactApplicationContext 
\f1\b \cf4 reactContext
\f2\b0 \cf0 ;\
\
  
\f1\b \cf2 public 
\f2\b0 \cf0 RNThumbnailModule(ReactApplicationContext reactContext) \{\
    
\f1\b \cf2 super
\f2\b0 \cf0 (reactContext);\
    
\f1\b \cf2 this
\f2\b0 \cf0 .
\f1\b \cf4 reactContext 
\f2\b0 \cf0 = reactContext;\
  \}\
\
  \cf3 @Override\
  
\f1\b \cf2 public 
\f2\b0 \cf0 String getName() \{\
    
\f1\b \cf2 return \cf5 "RNThumbnail"
\f2\b0 \cf0 ;\
  \}\
\
  \cf3 @ReactMethod\
  
\f1\b \cf2 public 
\f2\b0 \cf0 Bitmap get(String filePath, Promise promise) \{\
    System.
\f3\i\b \cf4 out
\f2\i0\b0 \cf0 .println(
\f1\b \cf5 "Path++++++++++"
\f2\b0 \cf0 +filePath);\
    
\f1\b \cf2 try 
\f2\b0 \cf0 \{\
    filePath = filePath.replace(
\f1\b \cf5 "file://"
\f2\b0 \cf0 ,
\f1\b \cf5 ""
\f2\b0 \cf0 );\
      System.
\f3\i\b \cf4 out
\f2\i0\b0 \cf0 .println(
\f1\b \cf5 "Path++++++++++"
\f2\b0 \cf0 +filePath);\

\f4\i \cf6 //    MediaMetadataRetriever retriever = new MediaMetadataRetriever();\
//    retriever.setDataSource(filePath, new HashMap<String, String>());\
//    Bitmap image = retriever.getFrameAtTime(1000000, MediaMetadataRetriever.OPTION_PREVIOUS_SYNC);\
\
    
\f2\i0 \cf0 Bitmap image = ThumbnailUtils.
\f4\i createVideoThumbnail
\f2\i0 (filePath,MediaStore.Video.Thumbnails.
\f3\i\b \cf4 FULL_SCREEN_KIND
\f2\i0\b0 \cf0 );\
\
    String fullPath = Environment.
\f4\i getExternalStorageDirectory
\f2\i0 ().getAbsolutePath() + 
\f1\b \cf5 "/thumb"
\f2\b0 \cf0 ;\
\
\
      File dir = 
\f1\b \cf2 new 
\f2\b0 \cf0 File(fullPath);\
      
\f1\b \cf2 if 
\f2\b0 \cf0 (!dir.exists()) \{\
        dir.mkdirs();\
      \}\
\
      OutputStream fOut = 
\f1\b \cf2 null
\f2\b0 \cf0 ;\
\
      String fileName = 
\f1\b \cf5 "thumb-" 
\f2\b0 \cf0 + UUID.
\f4\i randomUUID
\f2\i0 ().toString() + 
\f1\b \cf5 ".jpeg"
\f2\b0 \cf0 ;\
      File file = 
\f1\b \cf2 new 
\f2\b0 \cf0 File(fullPath, fileName);\
      file.createNewFile();\
      fOut = 
\f1\b \cf2 new 
\f2\b0 \cf0 FileOutputStream(file);\
\
      
\f4\i \cf6 // 100 means no compression, the lower you go, the stronger the compression\
      
\f2\i0 \cf0 image.compress(Bitmap.CompressFormat.
\f3\i\b \cf4 JPEG
\f2\i0\b0 \cf0 , \cf7 100\cf0 , fOut);\
      fOut.flush();\
      fOut.close();\
\
       MediaStore.Images.Media.
\f4\i insertImage
\f2\i0 (
\f1\b \cf4 reactContext
\f2\b0 \cf0 .getContentResolver(), file.getAbsolutePath(), file.getName(), file.getName());\
\
      WritableMap map = Arguments.
\f4\i createMap
\f2\i0 ();\
\
      map.putString(
\f1\b \cf5 "path"
\f2\b0 \cf0 , 
\f1\b \cf5 "file://" 
\f2\b0 \cf0 + fullPath + 
\f1\b \cf5 '/' 
\f2\b0 \cf0 + fileName);\
      map.putDouble(
\f1\b \cf5 "width"
\f2\b0 \cf0 , image.getWidth());\
      map.putDouble(
\f1\b \cf5 "height"
\f2\b0 \cf0 , image.getHeight());\
      promise.resolve(map);\
    \} 
\f1\b \cf2 catch 
\f2\b0 \cf0 (Exception e) \{\
      promise.reject(e);\
    \} 
\f1\b \cf2 catch 
\f2\b0 \cf0 (Throwable throwable) \{\
      throwable.printStackTrace();\
      promise.reject(throwable);\
    \}\
    
\f1\b \cf2 return null
\f2\b0 \cf0 ;\
  \}\
\
  
\f1\b \cf2 public 
\f2\b0 \cf0 Bitmap retriveVideoFrameFromVideo(String videoPath)\
          
\f1\b \cf2 throws 
\f2\b0 \cf0 Throwable \{\
    Bitmap bitmap = 
\f1\b \cf2 null
\f2\b0 \cf0 ;\
    MediaMetadataRetriever mediaMetadataRetriever = 
\f1\b \cf2 null
\f2\b0 \cf0 ;\
    
\f1\b \cf2 try 
\f2\b0 \cf0 \{\
      mediaMetadataRetriever = 
\f1\b \cf2 new 
\f2\b0 \cf0 MediaMetadataRetriever();\
      
\f1\b \cf2 if 
\f2\b0 \cf0 (Build.VERSION.
\f3\i\b \cf4 SDK_INT 
\f2\i0\b0 \cf0 >= \cf7 14\cf0 )\
        mediaMetadataRetriever.setDataSource(videoPath, 
\f1\b \cf2 new 
\f2\b0 \cf0 HashMap<String, String>());\
      
\f1\b \cf2 else\
        
\f2\b0 \cf0 mediaMetadataRetriever.setDataSource(videoPath);\
\
      bitmap = mediaMetadataRetriever.getFrameAtTime(\cf7 1\cf0 , MediaMetadataRetriever.
\f3\i\b \cf4 OPTION_CLOSEST
\f2\i0\b0 \cf0 );\
    \} 
\f1\b \cf2 catch 
\f2\b0 \cf0 (Exception e) \{\
      e.printStackTrace();\
      
\f1\b \cf2 throw new 
\f2\b0 \cf0 Throwable(\
              
\f1\b \cf5 "Exception in retriveVideoFrameFromVideo(String videoPath)"\
                      
\f2\b0 \cf0 + e.getMessage());\
\
    \} 
\f1\b \cf2 finally 
\f2\b0 \cf0 \{\
      
\f1\b \cf2 if 
\f2\b0 \cf0 (mediaMetadataRetriever != 
\f1\b \cf2 null
\f2\b0 \cf0 ) \{\
        mediaMetadataRetriever.release();\
      \}\
    \}\
    
\f1\b \cf2 return 
\f2\b0 \cf0 bitmap;\
  \}\
\}\
}